Private Model Cost Tracking + New Fireworks Llama 3.2 Vision Instruct (#430)
vellum-ai/vellum-client-generator: fern/docs/content/change-log/2024-09.mdx

title: Changelog | September, 2024
---

## Fireworks Llama 3.2 90B Vision Instruct

__September 30th, 2024__

> Meta's most recent [Llama 3.2 Vision Instruct](https://fireworks.ai/models/fireworks/llama-v3p2-90b-vision-instruct) is now available in Vellum!
> This model excels in visual recognition, image reasoning, captioning, and answering diverse questions related to images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meta's most recent open source vision model, [Llama 3.2 Vision Instruct](https://fireworks.ai/models/fireworks/llama-v3p2-90b-vision-instruct), is now available in Vellum.
This model excels in visual recognition, image reasoning, captioning, and answering diverse questions related to images and is a great open source option if you're looking for a vision model.
```

## Private Models Cost Tracking

__September 26th, 2024__

> Most private models that you create through our Private Models flow should now support cost tracking!

Reviewer: [blocking] "private models" and "cost tracking" might be familiar concepts to us, but likely aren't to most readers reading our changelog. It'd be nice to elaborate on these concepts, provide examples, adn/or link to elsewhere in our docs.

Author: Good call! I'll add in!

Reviewer 2: Yea I would highlight the carousel at the top of the models page and how those should have costs appear in executions going forward

title: Changelog | September, 2024
---

## Fireworks Llama 3.2 90B Vision Instruct

__September 30th, 2024__

Meta's most recent open source vision model, [Llama 3.2 Vision Instruct](https://fireworks.ai/models/fireworks/llama-v3p2-90b-vision-instruct), is now available in Vellum.
This model excels in visual recognition, image reasoning, captioning, and answering diverse questions related to images and is a great open source option if you're looking for a vision model.

## Private Models Cost Tracking

__September 26th, 2024__

> Models that are now created through the Custom Model Carosel on the [models page](https://app.vellum.ai/models) will have
> [cost tracking for prompt sandboxes](/changelog/2024/2024-08#prompt-sandbox-cost-tracking) and [cost tracking for prompt deployments](/changelog/2024/2024-09#cost-tracking-for-prompt-deployment-executions-table).
> This should enable more cost tracking features for your custom models in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Models that are now created through the Custom Model Carousel on the [models page](https://app.vellum.ai/models) will have
[cost tracking for prompt sandboxes](/changelog/2024/2024-08#prompt-sandbox-cost-tracking) and [cost tracking for prompt deployments](/changelog/2024/2024-09#cost-tracking-for-prompt-deployment-executions-table).
This means that you'll be able to see the dollar cost of LLM calls to model providers even for your custom models.
```

Author: 🫡  thanks for the assist! will commit these 🙏
